Jan 13, 2022 | Syd/Jay Grant Review
Attendees: Jay Pathmanathan Syd Cash

Notes
Two definite SBIR target applications identified.
AD for SBIR R43/R44
https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/pa-files/PAS-19-317.html
CAR-T
Previously submitted x2
Additional DOD grants available
Action items
Outline aims (1/20/21)
Preliminary budget (pending aims)
Learn about phase I vs I vs short track grants
Look into DoD funding
Determine feasibility of 3 grant submissions in April
Regulatory paperwork - used to be Syd but who maintains this now [suspect Jay]. Syd to get old paperwork to Jay.

Jan 20, 2022 | Syd/Jay Grant Review
Attendees: Jacob Donoghue Jay Pathmanathan Syd CashBrandon Westover

Notes
Prior week assignments:
Outline aims (1/20/21)
Preliminary budget (pending aims)
A Phase I has a budget of $275,766 for a project timeline between 6 months to 2 years.
A Phase II has a budget of $1,838,436 for a project timeline between 1 to 3 years.
Waivers for higher budgets are possible
Learn about phase I vs I vs short track grants
SBIR eligibility - https://seed.nih.gov/small-business-funding/small-business-program-basics/eligibility-criteria
SBIR - encourages partnerships
STTR - REQUIRES formal collaboration with a non-profit research institution
https://seed.nih.gov/small-business-funding/small-business-program-basics/understanding-sbir-sttr

Phase I
A Phase I award helps you focus on the feasibility, technical merit, and commercial potential of your research project.
Phase II


A Phase II award lets you continue the research and development efforts initiated in Phase I. Once you’ve reached your Phase I milestones, you can apply for a Phase II award, even before the end of the Phase II award. You may submit your application for a Phase II award up to six receipt dates after your Phase I budget period expires
Fast-Track
The fast-track process allows you to submit both Phase I and Phase II in one application for review. The Fast -Track mechanism can minimize the funding gap between phases but requires a fully developed Phase II application/plan at the time of submission.
Direct to Phase II (SBIR Only)
If your project has already demonstrated feasibility but you have not received a Phase I SBIR or STTR, you can apply for a Direct to Phase II award and bypass Phase I.
Phase IIB
Some NIH Institutes and Centers offer Phase IIB awards for Phase II projects that require extraordinary time and effort beyond the standard Phase II period of 2 years. Refer to our Phase IIB FAQs for more information. 
Commercialization Readiness Pilot (CRP) Program
The Commercialization Readiness Pilot (CRP) Program provides awarded Phase II and Phase IIB small businesses technical assistance and funding for late-stage development. Read more about the CRP program.


Syd gets old regulatory paperwork to Jay
“Here is what I think I know.  Beacon needs to be registered with / have accounts at the entities listed below.  I would suggest that we set aside time next Thursday to sit next to each other with multiple computers open and log in to each of the sites and make sure they are up to date and also make some decisions about ownership, etc.  It would be best if we could do this with Jake in the room or nearby since, if we update some passwords they might go to his email and we will need to make decisions about personnel and roles. We also might need to call some help desks to get things straightened out.  Also, I put a document about this (with passwords) into the shared Google drive.  I also put everything I had about the prior grants into that folder so you should now have access to everything I had.  

Login.gov account:  This is a basic government clearinghouse website that does a lot of things related to grants and contracts and the like.
[this works, under syd@beacon.bio; beaconbio2019]

FSD (Federal Service Desk).  I believe this is an account we have for asking questions.  I am not sure it is necessary for submitting grants.

DUNS number: 117179454. This is an important company identifier which goes on all the grants.  I think it does not change and does not need maintenance.

EIN: 83-3040121.  I believe this is a tax related number.  Again, goes on lots of grants, but doesn't change or get updated.

SAM: System for Award Management.  Needed for submitting grants.  Must be renewed annually.  I think it is out of date and something we should get to work on immediately to renew (if necessary). 	

Grants.gov: Another website we need to be on in order to finalize and submit a grant.  The main logon for this website is the account we use when we submit at the last step of an NIH grant (through ERA Commons which is the NIH website for managing a grant.
BEACONBIOSIGNALS
eegAI2022!

eRA:  The website maintained by the NIH where all grant information goes -- submission, checking on status, etc. We have two accounts here.  A PI account and a submitting officer account.  They are the same person right now (nominally Jake but actually done by me -- go figure).  This is one of those roles we might want to give someone -- the submitting officer for the company.  They will receive correspondence etc.  In an organization like MGH this is some high level person in grants management.
jake@beacon
Beaconbiosignals2022!

jake@beacon_PI

SBA:  This is the small business authority.  As a small business we are registered here. 
 
I think this covers it.  Again -- we should go through all these and check our status.  Many of the passwords will not work since I have not used them in months and we will need Jake and his email to get them working again.
 
Syd
“
AD grant aims
Beacon software
1. Convince reviewers that EEG is a valid biomarker
We have already prepared/read background literature
Need to determine which of these is able to be done now, and which would be future aims…
Demonstrate that AD patients have [insert EEG feature here] as
Compared to age matched controls
AD progresses as measured by [insert accepted AD biomarker here]
AD progresses as measured by imaging changes
Gain acceptance for an EEG based biomarker to
Assess AD progression in all AD pts
Assess AD progression in AD+epi pts
Assess AD subtype (AD+epi vs AD-epi)
Assess treatment efficacy
[insert EEG feature here] could include
Resting state network parameters
Alpha coherence
Alpha power
Spectral power, NOS
1/f power (FOOOF)
Spike rates
BETS rates
Sleep metrics
2. Convince [somebody/everybody] that Beacon can perform things in #1 better/faster/stronger. Work it.
After demonstrating that EEG shows [insert something here] in AD, show that Beacon can perform multicenter data-analytics efficiently.
3. What are we going to do with the grant money?
Hire an engineer, offset costs, development of hardware, data collection
build this pipeline? Or are we saying we already have the pipeline?
Gather more data from more institutions to build a better library? Why would anyone pay us to do that?
Prospectively gather data (clinical trial) to establish the biomarker? Or are we arguing that the biomarker is established?
Clinical trial to explore new biomarkers? Validity of existing biomarkers? Validity of +epi and -epi cohorts?
Clinical trial to establish the parameters of the biomarker we are pitching as already-proven-valid but not yet boundary-defined-enough-to-be-released?
Beacon hardware
Test whether Spotlite can detect established biomarkers (see above), and how it compares to 10-20 EEG.
Test whether Beacon’s algorithms (established above) can use Spotlite data.


	Discussed aims
Goal: low cost, easy to distribute hardware and software to screen patients for AD+epi (who can be treated with AED). 
		Aim 1: Retrospective validation of our software
			Replicate Alice and Keith papers - run AD and controls through spikenet, BETSNET, SLEEPNET, background analyses
			Use a reduce montage to simulate our hardware
		Aim 2: clinical trial using Beacon hardware on AD pts and controls - feasibility and tolerability
			MOCA at time of patch
			Meds at time of patch
			Scoring tests
			Genetics - apoe4

		Aim 3: clinical trial using Beacon hardware on AD pts and controls - data analysis
		
		
			
Action items
Notarize SAM letter and mail, ASAP
Transfer this info to Git (jay)
Write up aims (jay)
Preliminary budget (blocked by aims)
Regulatory paperwork transfer (all)


CLOSED - DO NOT USE THIS DOCUMENT ANY FURTHER!!

MOVED TO GITHUB!!!



